timeout: clarify the default signal sent to the process (#2709)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/timeout.md

> Run a command with a time limit.

> - Run `sleep 10` and terminate it, if it's running for more than 3 seconds:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?

```suggestion
- Run `sleep 10` and terminate it, if it runs for more than 3 seconds:
```

Author: Done :slightly_smiling_face:
